welcome to automoto tip like
it's in the fabulous landscapes of the north
west of norway on the road that
along the ocean that bentley presents us
its new continental gt
when we say new it's actually
simply a restyling with new
new front face that
gives us a little more sitting on the
road
this model retains a totally design
timeless that is made to last well
obviously it's a model that has been
launched in 2003 on the basis of France
going gun fight years so we
always the choice between the fabulous w12
6 liters with for main
mechanical evolutions a passage of 575
horses at 5,190 horses and small
evolutions a decline in consumption of
5% purely symbolic
thanks to the cutting of six of the twelve
cylinder
we will now see what that
give driving
versatility that's really what
most characterizes this bentley
continental gt and gtc to know that it's
a car that knows how to do everything
we can imagine a rich owner
who had all the cars the most
fabulous creation that after having
everything tried will largely be content with
the continental is a four places
comfortable as it should be
any bentley extremely powerful and
great on the road as far as
of course she is a
4 wheel drive transmission
permanent a car that knows everything
to do that is delicious to drive in
shouting as we do in this
moment but who is quite capable
to hold the dragee high to some
much more sporty models
thanks to its transmission and its
outstanding performance when we
knows its weight over two tons 3
these are the limits of the car
she's obviously not as old a
little sportswoman and that's absolutely everything
do and always in the distinction
typical non british
needless to say, comfort is in
relationship with the standing of the car
controlled suspension with 4 modes of the most
comfortable to the firmest
the finish is obviously and
luckily I was going to say at this level
of price
irreproachable with the highest leather
of the current automotive market
woodwork that can be as
replaced by two
of the rattle's aluminum a real
gt as we dream